fix(core/ix-menu-category): dynamic added items not visible (#1706)
siemens/ix: .changeset/beige-files-switch.md

---
"@siemens/ix": patch
---

> The max-height of __ix-menu-category__ is adjusted for dynamically added items. Dynamically added items are now visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 __ix-menu-category__: Dynamically added items are now instantly visible. This is achieved by adjusting the max-height everytime an item gets added.
```
